Update wording on @frontend-devs page (#1320)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/product-engineering/engineering/enablement/frontend-platform/other-responsibilities.md

## @frontend-devs

> The [Frontend Platform team](./index.md) maintains the canonical list of frontend developers at Sourcegraph. These engineers all have expertise in HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript, and React, and maybe be called on to:

Author: ```suggestion
The [Frontend Platform team](./index.md) maintains the canonical list of engineers at Sourcegraph who focus primarily on frontend development. These engineers all have expertise in HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript, and React, and maybe be called on to:
```

- give their opinions on frontend tooling at Sourcegraph
- review frontend PRs
- do frontend interviews and assignment grading

These people are available under the `@frontend-devs` alias on both Slack and [GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/teams/frontend-devs) (the two lists are kept in sync). Please contact the Frontend Platform team to add or remove someone from the list.

> Note that this list is _not_ intended to be a comprehensive list of people with frontend expertise! Some full-stack engineers are not included in @frontend-devs because the primarily do backend development at Sourcegraph, or they aren't very familiar with React, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that this is _not_ intended to be a comprehensive list of people with frontend expertise! Some full-stack engineers are not included in @frontend-devs because the primarily do backend development at Sourcegraph, or they aren't very familiar with React, etc.
```
